== Zendesk Help Form in Rails

This Rails application is a simple form that creates a new ticket with a new requester. On form submission success, it will create a ticket in the Zendesk backend. When that user logs into their account, they will be able to view all the tickets they've submitted and make comments.

To get this to run locally make sure you set environment variables for ZD_URL, ZD_USER, ZD_PASS.

## On Mac

```
export ZD_URL='https://example.zendesk.com/api/v2'
export ZD_USER='user@example.com'
export ZD_PASS='password'
```

## On Windows

```
set ZD_URL='https://example.zendesk.com/api/v2'
set ZD_USER=user@example.com
set ZD_PASS=password
```

This example also uses an external DB to pull in game information to populate a custom field for logged in users. This field could be anything, but you need to change the field id in the code so it gets properly submitted with the ticket request. Create a database.yml file in the app/config folder with your database settings and load the schema.

## Example database.yml

```
development:
  adapter: sqlite3
  database: db/development.sqlite3
  pool: 5
  timeout: 5000

test:
  adapter: sqlite3
  database: db/test.sqlite3
  pool: 5
  timeout: 5000

production:
  adapter: postgresql
  database: zendesk_help_rails
  host: localhost
```

## Create database and load schema

```
rake db:create
rake db:schema:load
```

In tickets_controller.rb change the following line to match your custom field id:

```
if @game_name
      options[:custom_fields] = {:id => "21833683", :value => @game_name}
```

If you have any questions on setup or the code please email <api@zendesk.com> and we'll try to help troubleshoot. Hope this helps!
